Adding centralized refunds (#290)
vippsas/vipps-ecom-api: vipps-ecom-api-faq.md

See: [Is it possible to skip the landing page?](#is-it-possible-to-skip-the-landing-page)

### Handling refunds on behalf of other stores

It may be relevant for enterprise setup, omnichannel, multiple physical stores within the same chain to refund orders on behalf of other stores. 

> **Pre requisites:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Prerequisites:** 
```

> Stores or centralized system (e.g. from headquarter) must have access to all store credentials, or use [partner keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#partner-keys). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores or a centralized system (e.g. from a headquarter) must have access to all store credentials, or use [partner keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#partner-keys). 
```

> Stores must be able to search for `orderID` from other stores or request it from the centralized system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores must be able to search for `orderId` from other stores or request it from the centralized system.
```

> **User story:** A user buy a product from Store A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**User story:** A user buys a product from Store A.
```

> Customer visit Store B to refund some goods. Store B wants to be able to refund on behalf of Store A. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user then visits Store B to refund some goods. Store B wants to be able to refund on behalf of Store A. 
```

> **Problem:** Refunds can only be performed through the same sale unit where the payment origin from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Problem:** Refunds can only be performed by the sale unit where the payment originated from: Store A.
```

**Recommended solutions:** 

**A:** If [partner keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#partner-keys) is used for all stores

> Stores must be able to search for `orderID` from other stores. Cashier search and select `orderID` from Store A and click `refund`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stores must be able to search for `orderId` from other stores. Cashier search and select `orderID` from Store A and click `refund`.  
```

> **Technical:** Use [partner keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#partner-keys) to authenticate, add `Merchant-Serial-Number` from Store A to the request header and original `orderID` to the [refund](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-ecom-api/#/Vipps%20eCom%20API/refundPaymentUsingPOST) request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Technical:** Use [partner keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/APIs/ecom-api/vipps-ecom-api#partner-keys) to authenticate, add `Merchant-Serial-Number` from Store A to the request header and original `orderId` to the [refund](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-ecom-api/#/Vipps%20eCom%20API/refundPaymentUsingPOST) request.
```

> NB: With `partner keys`, do not let the cashier input `Merchant-Serial-Number` themselves. These must be locked and connected to the store selection to reduce risk of adding wrong store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NB: With `partner keys`, do not let the cashier input `Merchant-Serial-Number` themselves. These must be locked and connected to the store selection to reduce risk of adding the wrong store.
```

> **B:** If partner keys is not used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**B:** If partner keys are not used
```

> In this case a centralized system need to store credentials from all sale units within the enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case a centralized system needs to store credentials from all sale units within the enterprise.
```

> Store B must be able to request a `refund` from the sentral system based on the original `orderID` and location for the order origin (Store A).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store B must be able to request a `refund` from the sentral system based on the original `orderId` and location for the order origin (Store A).  
```

> **Technical:** Use Store A credentials to authenticate, add original `orderID` to the [refund](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-ecom-api/#/Vipps%20eCom%20API/refundPaymentUsingPOST) request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Technical:** Use Store A credentials to authenticate, add original `orderId` to the [refund](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-ecom-api/#/Vipps%20eCom%20API/refundPaymentUsingPOST) request.
```
